### Hi there. I am PRADEEP YADAV 👋

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Python, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Data Analytics, Data Science
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Python, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Data Analytics, Data Science
- [Here is my Resume](https://github.com/pradeep-dsml/My_Resume/blob/main/Pradeep_dataAnalyst-Scientist_resume.pdf)

<!--

**pradeep-dsml/pradeep-dsml** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
- https://share.streamlit.io/
-->

# My Work Examples 
<!--
## Deployment on cloud Services

- [ML model(WebApp)deployed on Heroku](link)
- [ML model(WebApp)deployed on Streamlit Share](https://share.streamlit.io/)
- [ML model(WebApp)deployed on Google Cloud Platform(GCP)](link)
- [ML model(WebApp)deployed on Amazon EC2](link)
- [ML model(WebApp)deployed on Microsoft Azure](link)
 -->

## ML/DL Contents

- ### Machine Learning

	- #### Classification
		- [Text Classification in scikit-learn(Spam Detection)](https://github.com/pradeep-dsml/text-classification/tree/main/spam%20detection):  A model to classify text data for spam detection on sms data using python pandas and scikit learn libraries specially count vectorisor(feature extraction), multinomial Naive Bayes and Logistic regression classifiers.
		- [Yelp reviews star prediction(text classification)](https://github.com/pradeep-dsml/text-classification/tree/main/yelp%20review):  A model to classify text data for yelp bussiness review (star rating) prediction (binary class and 5-class both) using python pandas and scikit learn libraries specially count vectorisor(feature extraction), multinomial Naive Bayes classifiers.

	- #### Regression
		- [Predicting Boston Housing Prices](link): A model to predict the value of a given house in the Boston real estate market using various statistical analysis tools. Identified the best price that a client can sell their house utilizing machine learning.
		
	
	- [Unsupervised Learning: Creating Customer Segments](link): Analyzing a dataset containing data on various customers' annual spending amounts (reported in monetary units) of diverse product categories for discovering internal structure, patterns and knowledge.
	- [Reinforcement Learning: Training a Smartcab to Drive](link): Creating an optimized Q-Learning driving agent that will navigate a Smartcab through its environment towards a goal.
	
- ### Deep Learning
	- #### Artificial Neural Neural Network(ANN/DNN)
		- [Deep Learning: Digit Sequence Recognition using CNNs](link):  Designing and implementing a Convolutional Neural Network that learns to recognize sequences of digits using synthetic data generated by concatenating images from MNIST.
	- #### Convolutional Neural Network(CNN)
		- [Deep Learning: Digit Sequence Recognition using CNNs](link):  Designing and implementing a Convolutional Neural Network that learns to recognize sequences of digits using synthetic data generated by concatenating images from MNIST.
	- #### Recurrent Neural Network(RNN)
		- [Deep Learning: Digit Sequence Recognition using CNNs](link):  Designing and implementing a Convolutional Neural Network that learns to recognize sequences of digits using synthetic data generated by concatenating images from MNIST.
 	
		
- ### Exploratory Data Analysis(EDA) and Vizualization
	- [Stanford open policing EDA and Vizualization](https://github.com/pradeep-dsml/EDA/tree/main/Stanford%20open%20policing):  Doing exploratory data analysis and vizualization using _Stanford open policing project's_ data by asking some good question and answering those questions.
	- [TED Talks EDA and Vizualization](https://github.com/pradeep-dsml/EDA/tree/main/TED%20Talks):  Doing exploratory data analysis and vizualization using _Kaggle's TED Talks data_ data by asking some good question and answering those questions.
	- [Sales Analysis](https://github.com/pradeep-dsml/EDA/tree/main/Sales%20Analysis): Analyse and answer bussiness question about 12 months  sales data of hundreds of thousands of electronics store purchases broken down by month, product type, cost, purchase address, etc.
	

- ### Web Scraping
	- [Web Scraping NY Times article](https://github.com/pradeep-dsml/Web-Scraping/tree/main/Web%20Scraping%20NY%20Times):  Scraping NY Times newspaper article about Precident Trump's lies with date,link and reference, storing it in a structured table in .csv file formate.

- ### Natural Language Processing
	- [Text Classification in scikit-learn(Spam Detection)](https://github.com/pradeep-dsml/text-classification/tree/main/spam%20detection):  A model to classify text data for spam detection on sms data using python pandas and scikit learn libraries specially count vectorisor(feature extraction), multinomial Naive Bayes and Logistic regression classifiers.
	- [Yelp reviews star prediction(text classification)](https://github.com/pradeep-dsml/text-classification/tree/main/yelp%20review):  A model to classify text data for yelp bussiness review (star rating) prediction (binary class and 5-class both) using python pandas and scikit learn libraries specially count vectorisor(feature extraction), multinomial Naive Bayes classifiers.

	
- ### Other(Miscellaneous)
	- [Optimization Problems](link):  Designing and implementing a Convolutional Neural Network that learns to recognize sequences of digits using synthetic data generated by concatenating images from MNIST.

- ### Custom Models(Coming Soon.......)
	- [Custom Machine Learning Model](link):  Designing and implementing a Convolutional Neural Network that learns to recognize sequences of digits using synthetic data generated by concatenating images from MNIST.
	- [Custom Deep Learning Model](link):  Designing and implementing a Convolutional Neural Network that learns to recognize sequences of digits using synthetic data generated by concatenating images from MNIST.


- ### Working on(Coming Soon.......)

     - #### XYZ1
		- [Place Holder1](link):  Designing and implementing a Convolutional Neural Network that learns to recognize sequences of digits using synthetic data generated by concatenating images from MNIST.

     - #### XYZ2
		- [Place Holder2](link): A model to predict the value of a given house in the Boston real estate market using various statistical analysis tools. Identified the best price that a client can sell their house utilizing machine learning.
